# CS250-Software-Development-Lifecycle
This is a compilation of all of the work I did over the time of the course.
Hopefully this provides insight into what I learned and what the class is all about.

I think the needs of the user should be the most important aspect of developing. For example, my wife works on the back end of an events calendar website and talks to a coder and web developer on a constant basis. This developer outwardly does not do the things that is requested of them and honestly makes the website look and operate terribly. Because of this, the website doesn't get the traction it could be getting and ultimately deminishing the value of the business as a whole. So taking the needs of the user should be at the forefront of every development because they are going to be the ones using it, of course what they say has significant value. User stories helps with this because it gives the development team a proper way to see exactly what the user is asking for is separate and broken down parts for them to work on accordingly. The way I approach developing is very similar to user stories, I just didn't realize it until taking this class. When I would be shown a project or an assignment, I would look at the requirments and then work on them as singular tasks. Once I got the first requirment down, I would move on to the next. This way I could verify that I have incorporated all of what is expected of me. I hope to carry that into future development work. I also hope to bring the teamwork aspect of Agile. I love the idea of having a team where everyone isn't on the same level of experience. It allows for growth from all angles because the less experience can learn from the very experienced, and the very experienced can potentially see new view points from the younger crowd. This can actually make things easier since technology is constantly evolving. To be a good team member in software development, you have to be a good communicator. You have to ask questions and be ready to make changes at the the drop of hat because the user's requests can change quickly. But most of all, you have to be humble. You have to understand that even if you specialize in a specific thing, you are part of a team, and as a team you have to work together to finish the task. You have to understand that you might not know everything. You have to be willing to ask for help when needed. Being humble and having good communication skills will not only get you far in your career, but it will get you far in life. 
